MaisonDental&Aesthetic
ZAKAŽITE KONSULTACIJU
ENG
SRB
POČETNA
O NAMA
USLUGE
Minimalno invazivna estetska stomatologija
Invisalign
Anti-ageing i regenerativna estetska medicina
GALERIJA OSMEHA
CENOVNIK
KONTAKT
O NAMA
Dr Ana Miladinović je diplomirala na Stomatološkom Fakultetu
Univerziteta u Beogradu 2008 godine.
Nakon završenog staža i položenog stručnog ispita odlazi u London,
Veliku Britaniju gde nostrifikuje diplomu i nastavlja rad u
privatnoj praksi. Početak svoje profesionalne karijere posvetila
je brojnim edukacijama iz oblasti stomatološke protetike i smile
design-a na najistknutijim univerzitetskim klinikama u Londonu-
Kings College London, Eastman Dental Institute učeći od najboljih
svetskih stručnjaka.
2017. godine postaje sertifikovani Invsalign provajder i do danas
je uspešno tretirala stotine zadovoljnih pacijenata ovim
revolucionarnim ortodontskim sistemom
2018. godine završava postdiplomske studije iz savremene estetske
i restaurativne stomatologije sa posebnim fokusom na minimalno
invazivnu stomatologiju.
Dr Ana se specijalizuje u minimalno invazivnim transformacijama
osmeha koje između ostalih metoda, podrazumevaju upotrebu
Invisalign folija za ispravljanje zuba i kompozitnih materijala
poslednje generacije koji omogućavaju neinvazivnu korekciju oblika
i boje zuba (bez brušenja i oštećenja zuba) gde kao rezultat
pacijenti dobijaju savršen spoj funkcije i estetike bez
nepotrebnog žrtvovanja zubnog tkiva.
Dr Ana se od 2016. godine paralelno usavršava u oblasti estetske
medicine i anti-ageing procedura a poslednjih godina i
regenerativnoj estetskoj medicini upotrebom polinukleotida i
exosoma sve u cilju održavanja prirodnog, negovanog i svežeg
izgleda vašeg lica i kože.
Dr Miladinović redovno tretira internacionalne pacijente u
Centralnom Londonu, Wimpole Street, Marylebone.
ZAKAŽITE KONSULTACIJU
ISKUSTVA NAŠIH PACIJENATA
Patrice Halligan
" Had a wonderful experience with Ana, she educated me
throughout my treatment which left me feeling reassured
for each appointment. I was over the moon with my end
results and felt like they were even better than expected!
Would 100% recommend Ana to other potential clients, I
felt reassured from the moment I had my consultation right
until the last appointment. "
Gab Dicset
" I transferred to this dentist over a year ago as I
changed jobs and can confidently say Ana Miladinovic is
the best dentist I've had so far. I've recently completed
my Invisalign treatment with her and found the advice &
guidance very helpful and intend to stay at this practice
despite moving across the other side of the river - well
worth the commute! "
Weston Macklem
" Dr Ana is the best kept secret in dentistry. Her
positive approach and focus on keeping patients calm and
informed throughout every step of their procedures really
does put them at ease. I've recommended her services to
numerous colleagues and friends and really feel that I've
found a dentist for life."
Claudia Cattell
" I recently received some treatment from Ana Miladinovic.
She was fantastic! I was very impressed with the level of
care and attention that she applied to me. I was quite
nervous and she was very good at reassuring me and made me
feel very at ease. Overall, I had a really good experience
and would definitely recommend Ana and her practice. "
Carolina Attili
" I had a great experience with Doctor Ana. She has been
extremely helpful and professional and she happily
assisted with every question of doubt I had. It is nice to
be treated by someone so passionate about their job. "
Elise Joselyn
" Highly recommend this practice and in particular, Ana,
if you’re wanting Invisalign. I have just completed my
treatment and couldn’t be happier with the results! Ana
made sure I was happy at every stage and kept me informed
throughout. It’s so great to have gone through this
treatment with someone that takes pride in their work and
the results show. I love my new smile and can’t thank you
enough for all your work! All the best to you and your
team! "
Ania Rherri
" I have been lucky to have a pleasure to meet Ana
Miladinovic who is not only a great dentist 🦷 but also an
expert when it comes to Invisalign Within 6 months my
teeth straightened and are looking great. Ana and the team
were great, very professional and supportive. I would def
recommend Ana if you are thinking of getting your teeth
straight, healthy and beautiful. "
Marta Zatowska
" I have been so blessed to meet Dr. Ana Miladinovic💗
After having had a previous experience that was not ideal,
I was reluctant to find a new dentist that I could trust.
She immediately puts you at ease with her calm and sweet
demeanor. She has a special way of making your visit
personalized, comfortable. If you've been waiting to make
an appointment, you should definitely call today!
ABSOLUTELY PROFESSIONAL SERVICE. Thank you for restoring
my confidence and happiness! "
D Hajaj
" A huge belated thank you to the wonderful Dr Ana
Miladinovic. I'm so pleased with my teeth now. Ana has
such a great eye for detail and I love that she is a
perfectionist. She was so patient and made every effort to
make changes only I would really notice. I'm absolutely
thrilled. My teeth have never been this straight and I
love smiling now. She's brilliant, super professional -
really knows her stuff, AND listens to what YOU want.
Going to see Dr Ana for Invisalign was the best investment
in myself. Don't hesitate! "
Početna
O nama
Usluge
Galerija osmeha
Kontakt
Cenovnik
COPYRIGHT © MaisonDental